undefinedWhat is your most favourite sex position?
Have you ever buy any sextoy? If yes, where did you buy it?
Have you ever have anal sex?
Have you ever have oral sex?
You are vanilla type or BDSM type?
What adult only website that you usually visit?
Have you ever erotic role play?
Have you ever have sex phone?
When did you lost your virginity?
What is your favourite porn game?
What is your favourite adult pornography?
What is your favourite pornstar?
What is your favourite hentai?
What is your least favourite hentai?
Have you ever think of sexual way with your avatar?
How do you foreplay before having sex?
How long you usually have a sex?
How was your first masturbation experience?
If you can fuck with anyone, who do you want to fuck with?
If you have a chance to have an outdoor sex, where would you want to have?
Have you ever have a sex with VRChat player?
Have you ever horny while in public? How?
How was your first sex experience?
What was your best sex experience? How was it?
What is your ideal sex experience?
What was your worst sex experience? How was it?
Which one do you usually use for masturbation? Hand or Sextoy?
Which one you prefer? Softcore or Hardcore sex?
Which one you prefer? Face to face or Face to back sex?
Which one you prefer? Cum outside or Cum inside?
Which one you prefer? Sucking or Licking?
Do you usually masterbate after having sex?
You usually foreplay before having sex or just having sex without it?
Which one of your body part that make you feel horny if touched?
When was the last time you had a sex?
Have you ever bought sextoy to your lover?
While you are having sex, you have it light on or in the dark?
Do you play any music while having sex?
Where do you prefer having sex between balcony or kitchen？
If your lover tell you they are horny, what will you do?
Have you ever purchase sexual services?
Have you ever use weird thing to masturbate?
How much did you spend for pornography?
What is the weirdest item you have ever use to masturbate?
What is your technique on having sex?
What is your technique on masturbating?
Have you ever fuck your siblings?
What is your first sexphone experience?
Do you usually fuck with condom?
Whihe having sex, you prefer offending or get offened more?
What is your preparation before having sex?
Do you usually bring condom with you?
What is your favourite alcolholic drink?
What is your least favourite alcolhol drink?
Have you ever do cosplay sex?
You prefer raw sex or sex with condom?
Have you ever want to fuck your friend?
Have you ever want to fuck your friend's lover?
How do you buy condom?
Do you buy condom on your own?
Have you ever have a sex on a car?
When was the first time you drink an alcolholic drink?
What sextoy do you wish to have?
What is your most sensitive erogenous zone?
How many times do you have sexual activities in a week?
If you have a chance to have sex with the nearest player, what will you do?
Have you ever dream of having sex with someone?





































Morning sex or evening sex?
























